I went into your class and I got about halfway through
and then I got sucked up into the field,
I got started and I never slowed down.
Buffalo got hit by a major storm,
it was all frozen pipes, snow crushing roofs,
things like that, that's how I got started.
Apparently I did such a good job
that they kept feeding me stuff.
I'm probably approaching 3,000 claims.
My quality of work is there, my understanding of the program,
That time management piece that you put in all your courses
is so critical.
The biggest thing that I really discovered in this field
was you're just dumped into it, right?
And then it's kind of like learning how to build the airplane
as the airplane's flying.
You're given 40 claims dropped into your lap
and that is your responsibility and your life
until you get those 40 done
and then you end up getting more and more.
You're agreeing to take care of those people
that are sitting in front of you.
Your cycle time is very important, right?
The worst thing that will get you into trouble
is if you're scheduling and then taking forever
to get that piece in so you're not closing claims, right?
Follow Matt's schedule, you'll ramp up pretty quickly
once you start to see, okay,
there's repetition and everything that we do.
But it's just getting your foot in the door to begin with.
You really need something, some sort of a course
that is connected to not necessarily a carrier,
but to [an IA Firm] like Allcat or Sedgwick
or someone like that,
because that's the only way you're really gonna get noticed.
Because then [The firms] know that you've done some training,
you put some time in and getting some understanding
of what the job is.
Seems to be the only way to really kind of get in on this field.